fix(ui): If Web3 wallet already claimed preview error on <UserProfile /> (#4389)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/two-wasps-dance.md

---
"@clerk/clerk-js": patch
---

> If Web3 wallet already claimed, preview error on `<UserProfile />`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show an error on `<UserProfile />` if the Web3 wallet is already claimed.
```
